Hello and Namaste, welcome to PolicyEk. We
are Insurance Experts and I am
Sonali Joshi. We provide a
full review of the Health Term ULIP Investment Savings Plan.
In this video, we will give you a
full, complete and honest review of the ICICI Prudential Life Signature Plan.
ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Signature is a savings [ __ ]
protection ULIP insurance plan.
Through this plan, the insured person gets
life insurance coverage for his family,
which
provides protection and financial support to his family in case of his death.
This plan also gives the insured the
option of flexible investment.
This plan provides an
opportunity to choose four different portfolio strategies,
which include equity, debt and
balanced funds. With this, you can adjust your portfolio according to your risk
appetite and investment needs. The
policy tenure in this policy is 10 to 30 years. For
whole life, the premium payment term is 99 years.
Under this policy, you will get
5 to 10 years for limited pay, that is, 5, 7 and
10 years for regular pay.  Age The policy term is
whole life cover 7, 10 and 15 years i.e. 7, 10
and 15 years Entry age of ICICI
Prudential Signature plan is 0 to 60
years i.e. 60 years Retiring age is minimum 18
years and maximum 75 years and maximum
999 years for life policies
You will get grace period in the plan which is 30 days
Talking about sum assured, this is the entry age
in this for those aged 0 to 44 years
Minimum 7x annual premium Maximum higher
of 10x annual ES premium and 0.5x policy
term x annual premium
Sum insured
is available for those aged 45 years and above i.e. minimum 7x annual ES
premium and maximum 10x annual ES
premium ICICI Prudential Signature
also has many benefits like the first
benefit is maturity benefit i.e. when the
plan matures then the policy holder will get the
funds  The insured gets a death benefit which will
also include the top fund value, if any. The
insured has the option to receive this benefit as well.
They
can either take this amount in a single lump sum or
opt for a structured payout. The
next benefit in this plan is the
death benefit. If the insured dies
during the plan term and if the
funds are not in the discontinued policy fund, the
nominee or beneficiary
gets the death benefit, which will be the highest of the three options.
These three options are sum and
minimum death benefit. This will be 105%
of the total premium paid, including top-up
premium, if any,
paid by the policyholder. Then there is the fund value,
including the top-up fund value, if any is
applicable. Through this, the nominee will be
given the highest amount, whichever is higher among these three
options that I have mentioned to you. The
third benefit, i.e., the
third advantage in this plan is surrender.
If the insured
wishes to render the policy within the first 5 years of the benefit, the fund
value is transferred to the discontinued policy fund.
In this situation, the
nominee also receives the discontinued policy fund
value, but only
upon the death of the insured or at the end of the lock-in period,
whichever is earlier. If the
policy is surrendered after 5 years, the
policyholder or nominee receives the applicable fund
value, which reflects the
investment and fund value up to this time. The
minimum premium for this policy is
₹30,000 per annum. For whole life
policies, the minimum premium is ₹60,000 per
annum. The
policyholder does
not get the option of any additional rider under the ICICI Prudential Signature Plan. This
plan comes with only basic benefits such as
life cover investment option,
and no additional coverage or rider can be
added to it. One thing to note is that the
ICICI Prudential Signature Plan has a
suicide clause.  Which
works under certain conditions like if the life
assured commits
suicide within 12 months of policy commencement or policy revival,
then the nominee gets only the fund
value which will be
available on the date of death intimation. If
any charges except fund management and
guarantee expenses have been recovered after death, then
those charges or those costs will be added to the fund value
such that they have an
effect in the calculation of fund value on the day of death. The
next condition is if the insured has increased his sum assured
or has committed suicide, then the
increased amount will
not be considered in the death benefit calculation, which
means the
nominee will not get the benefit of the additional sum insured. So
this was the full review of ICICI Prudential.
If you liked this video, then
like and subscribe us. If you want to
take any health or term insurance plan, then
book your call today to
book a call as per your time.
You will find the link in the description box
PolicyX No Spam No Games Till Then Bye Bye
and Take Care